In this section, we discuss the limitation and scalability of SFuzz and explore the directions of improvement in the future.
## Limitation
First, because our slicing statically analyzes control flow, it cannot handle the indirect jump, such as jmp eax. 
Second, our taint analysis cannot effectively recognize the complicated structure of global variables and pointer aliasing, which may introduce false negatives due to under-tainting. Currently, we partially cover pointer aliasing if they are stored in the stack by leveraging an equal offset. In future work, we will attempt to solve this problem through additional heuristic methods. Third, our taint analysis also suffers from the implicit flow that may bring under-tainting and lead to false negatives. Although we have not found this type of issue by manual effort in our dataset, we will consider applying specific strategies in taint analysis. 
Lastly, our Concolic Analyzer can give a constraint set needed to be satisfied to trigger the vulnerability. Besides current input, it also maybe include constraints of other external input data, global variables, and function parameters. However, SFuzz cannot directly judge whether we can satisfy these extra constraints or not. Thus, it may introduce false positives and depends on additional manual effort to determine. In detail, we need to backtrack these variables from the sink point and inspect whether they can be controlled and satisfy their constraints. In the future, we will try to iterate our method with feedback from these multi-input PoCs.
## Circle of Competence
To inspect the scalability and generalization of SFuzz, we scaled SFuzz for handling ELF files from other popular embedded systems (e.g., Embedded Linux). After extending the file loader module, SFuzz can extract code slices from the ELF file supporting border service (e.g., httpd) and the shared libraries it used. After inspecting the samples from the dataset of Karnote and SaTC, SFuzz reproduced several bugs (CVE-2020-28373 and PSV-2020-0267) on Netgear R7000/R7000P routers, further found some new bugs, including five Buffer Overflow bugs in Tenda AC15/18 routers. After getting verification from vendors, we will add these samples to our dataset. It proves that SFuzz can scale for more embedded systems and IoT devices. Meanwhile, our prototype currently only supports detecting Buffer Overflow in stack or heap. To improve detection ability, we will reveal more memory operation functions and construct more detection models to help catch more bug types, such as UAF, NULL pointer dereference. We will also utilize Unicorn dynamic patch features to add ASan-based checking approaches (e.g., Drmemory, UAFuzz) and discover more vulnerabilities.
